add a FAQ (#242)
python-adaptive/adaptive: docs/source/faq.rst

FAQ: frequently asked questions
-------------------------------

How do I get the data?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Check ``learner.data``.

How do I learn more than one value per point?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the `adaptive.DataSaver`.

My runner failed, how do I get the error message?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Check ``runner.task.print_stack()``.

> How do I get a `~adaptiveLearner2D`\'s data on a grid?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do I get a `~adaptive.Learner2D`\'s data on a grid?
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use ``learner.interpolated_on_grid()`` optionally with a argument ``n`` to specify the the amount of points in ``x`` and ``y``.

> Why can I not use a ``lambda`` function?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why can I not use a ``lambda`` with a learner?
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The functions evaluations are done on an executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `~adaptive.Runner` the learner's function is evaluated in different Python processes.
```

> Therefore, the ``function`` needs to be serialized (pickled) and send to the executor, ``lambda``\s cannot be pickled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the ``function`` needs to be serialized (pickled) and send to the other Python processes; ``lambda``\s cannot be pickled.
```

Instead you can probably use ``functools.partial`` to accomplish what you want to do.

I get "``concurrent.futures.process.BrokenProcessPool``: A process in the process pool was terminated abruptly while the future was running or pending." what does it mean?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

XXX: add answer!

Where can I learn more about the algorithm used?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Read our `draft paper <https://gitlab.kwant-project.org/qt/adaptive-paper/builds/artifacts/master/file/paper.pdf?job=make>`_ or the source code on `GitHub <https://github.com/python-adaptive/adaptive/>`_.

How do I run multiple runners?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Check out `Adaptive scheduler <http://adaptive-scheduler.readthedocs.io>`_, which solves the following problem of needing to run more learners than you can run with a single runner.

> It easily runs on tens of thousands of cores.

Reviewer: I think this question/answer needs more context.

You can absolutely run more than 1 runner at a time in a notebook in the obvious way:

```python
runner1 = Runner(learner1)
runner2 = Runner(learner2)
```

Author: The problem I want to address is when the learner overhead is too large, such that one needs multiple runners in different threads/processes.

For example, when you use a `BalancingLearner` with 10.000 learners.

What is the difference with FEM?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The main difference with FEM is that one needs to globally update the mesh at every time step.

Reviewer: Need to define what FEM means.

The only acronym I know is "Finite Element Method", which is something totally unrelated

Reviewer: And the explanation below would need to be updated to reflect this.

Author: I am referring to "Finite Element Method" here.

However there are important differences why Bayesian optimization doesn't cover all the needs.
Often our aim is to explore the function and not minimize it.
Further, Bayesian optimization is most often combined with Gaussian processes because it is then possible to compute the posteriour exactly and formulate a rigorous optimization strategy.
Unfortunately Gaussian processes are computationally expensive and won't be useful with tens of thousands of points.
Adaptive is much more simple-minded and it relies only on the local properties of the data, rather than fitting it globally.

We'd say that Bayesian modeling is good for really computationally expensive data, regular grids for really cheap data, and local adaptive algorithms are somewhere in the middle.

What is the difference with Kriging?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

XXX: add answer!

What is the difference with adaptive meshing in CFD or computer graphics?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

XXX: add answer!

Can I use this to tune my hyper parameters for machine learning models?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> XXX: add answer!

Reviewer: Was this question ever asked by a user? I would classify this as an "open research question"

Author: This was asked a few dozen times on Reddit and also by at least one actual user.
